Prolog
Life was always harsh for me.
Życie zawsze dawało mi w kość.

As the youngest son of a local count, I should enjoy all the privileges associated with my financial situation ... Unfortunately, in fact I felt worse than a swineherd. First of all, I was physically unlike my father or two older brothers, ugly, small, frail. Throughout my childhood, I was suspected of being a bastard, and because of that my mother preferred to stay away from me, as if I were an incriminating evidence of infidelity. I was not even allowed to stay in the representative rooms of our manor.
Jako najmłodszy syn lokalnego hrabiego, powinienem cieszyć się wszystkimi przywilejami związanymi z moją sytuacją materialną... Niestety, w rzeczywistości czułem się gorzej niż świniopas. Po pierwsze, byłem fizycznie niepodobny do swojego ojca i dwóch starszych braci, brzydki, mały, cherlawy. Przez całe moje dzieciństwo ciążyło na mnie podejrzenie bycia bękartem, a nad moją matką - niewierności, przez które wolała trzymać się ode mnie z daleka, jakbym był dowodem obciążającym. Nie wolno mi było nawet przebywać w pokojach reprezentacyjnych naszego dworku.

Secondly, I had no illusions that one of my brothers would got the rights to manage our possesion. Resourceful, intelligent, judicious... What is worse, they had no problems with women who usually treated me like air. Certainly finding a wife for them would be a matter of a few days, and these would happily give them sons who would sustain that branch of our family tree. It is likely, that I would be wandering around the country as a poor nobleman without any land.
Po drugie, nie miałem złudzeń, że to akurat jeden z moich braci otrzyma prawo do zarządzania hrabstwem. Zaradni, inteligentni, rozsądni. Co gorsza, nie mieli problemów z kobietami, które zwykle traktowały mnie jak powietrze. Z pewnością znalezienie sobie żony byłoby dla nich kwestią paru dni, a te radośnie spłodziłyby im synów, którzy pociągnęliby kolejną gałąź naszego drzewa rodowego. Mnie zapewne pozostałoby włóczenie się po kraju jako ubogi szlachciura bez ziemi.

That's why I began to explore the secrets of magic, especially the dark and cursed. The talent for Color manipulation also wasn't given to me, however, you don't need talent for the art of Septivium, knowledge and persistence are enough. I have disappeared from the halls of our court to sketch patterns in the nearby barrow and study books forbidden in many lands. Books describing the summoning of demons.
When all three moons were in their full shape, when I draw all the patterns and lit all the candles, a beautiful, sensual woman appeared in a cloud of smoke. In exchange for my immortal soul, she promised to fulfill my one wish. I did't have to think for a long time, this order could give everything which my fate took away from me - strength, charisma, wealth, authority, power...
'I want to become one of you, make me a vampire.' - I said.
Dlatego zacząłem zgłębiać tajniki magii, szczególnie tej mrocznej i wyklętej. Talentu do manipulacji Barwą również mi poskąpiono, jednak do sztuk Septivium nie potrzebny był talent, wystarczyła wiedza i samozaparcie. Zniknąłem z sal naszego dworu, aby w pobliskim kurhanie kreślić wzory i studiować księgi zakazane w wielu krainach. Księgi opisujące przywoływanie demonów.
Kiedy wszystkie 3 księżyce znalazły się w nowiu, gdy nakreśliłem wszystkie wzory i zapaliłem wszystkie świece, w chmurze dymu objawiła się piękna, zmysłowa kobieta. Wzamian za moją nieśmiertelną duszę obiecała mi spełnić jedno, dowolne życzenie. Nie musiałem zastanawiać się długo, ten rozkaz mógł mi dać wszystko, czego poskąpił mi los - siłę, charyzmę, bogactwo, władzę, moc...
'Pragnę zostać jednym z was. Uczyń mnie wampirem.'

After these words, the world swirled and fell into total darkness.
Po tych słowach świat zawirował i zapadła ciemność.

Some time after my transformation, my older brother had to go on a long journey, driven by the overwhelming need of adventures and glory. Immediately after, the second brother received a vision from the Dragon of Everything, the divinity and father all of us, to give up his temporal life and become a saintly hermit. Their sudden and unexpected disappearance was a staggering blow to my father, who started to be failing on health and few years later passed away. Just a moment after him, our mother died due to overwhelming grief.
Jakiś czas później mój starszy brat musiał wyjechać w daleką podróż, gnany przemożną potrzebą przeżycia przygody i okrycia się chwałą. Zaraz po nim drugi otrzymał objawienie od Smoka Wszystkiego, bóstwa i ojca nas wszystkich, aby porzucić swe doczesne życie i zostać świątobliwym pustelnikiem. Ich nagłe i dość niespodziewane zniknięcie było wielkim ciosem dla mojego ojca, który podupadł na zdrowiu i pożegnał się z tym światem parę lat później. Zaraz po nim matka umarła ze zgryzoty.

The flowers on their graves did't even fade when I proclaimed myself the lord of all neightbouring lands. Shortly after that, I dismissed all the service to make some improvements in my appearance and condition without arousing suspicions. The next 60 years were filled with laughter, drunkenness and lewdness. I throwed parties, routs, hunts, balls, over and over again, wanting to make up for those years of social rejection, which I experienced in my childhood. From time to time servants from Arrainot reminded me, that as a vampire I had duties to the Hell Lords, but I choosed to ignore them, asking with a charming smile for another loan from their treasury. I could keep on living like that for ages... if only this one damned night didn't happen.
Kwiaty na ich grobach nie zdążyły nawet zwiędnąć, gdy ogłosiłem się panem tej okolicy. Tuż po tym odprawiłem całą ówczesną służbę aby poczynić pewne usprawnienia w moim wyglądzie i kondycji bez wzbudzania podejrzeń. Następne 60 lat wypełnione były śmiechem, pijaństwem i wulgarną lubieżnością. Wyprawiałem bal za balem, raut za rautem, polowanie za polowaniem, chcąc odpłacić sobie te lata odtrącenia społecznego. Od czasu do czasu kontaktowali się ze mną słudzy Arrainot przypominając, że jako wampir mam obowiązki wobec Władców Piekieł, jednak wolałem ich ignorować, z uroczym uśmiechem prosząc o kolejną pożyczkę z ich skarbca. Mógłbym tak żyć jeszcze setki lat... gdyby nie ten jeden, przeklęty wieczór.





















Misja druga

I knew I will prevail. Their dirty faces looked at me in silent dismay. Twenty against one? Odds were clearly uneven - drank with blood I was faster than the cobra and stronger than aurochs. I didn't plan to organize a massacre... Only a small lesson, a few demolished houses, a few new tombstones on a cemetery would be enough. After all, these poor peasants were providing me with revenues from my lands.
Wiedziałem, że zatryjumfuję. Ich brudne, niewydarzone gęby patrzyły na mnie z niemym przerażeniem. Dwudziestu na jednego? Toż to nierówna walka - opity krwią byłem szybszy od kobry i silniejszy od tura. Nie planowałem organizować im masakry - wystarczyłaby jedynie drobna nauczka, parę rozwalonych domów, parę nowych nagrobków na przykaplicznym cmentarzu. W końcu te biedne ludki zapewniały przychód na moich ziemiach.

Unfortunately, I did not foresee one detail - last week, during Holly Days of Skimming Fields celebration, that I preferred to ignore drinking to the bottom of the glass, the dragon priest allowed himself to consecrate agricultural tools to ensure good yield from harvests in the future. Most of the weapons cannot touch my skin, not like one, which was ealier blessed... My smile curled into a grimace of dread when I felt a sharp pain in my chest - fast and short.
Niestety, nie przewidziałem jednego - gdy tydzień temu obchodzone były święta Szumiących Pól, które wolałem zignorować na dnie kieliszka, kapłan smoka pozwolił sobie poświęcić narzędzia rolne na znak dobrych zbiorów w przyszłości. Większość broni nie imała się mej skóry, co innego wcześniej poświęcona... Mój uśmiech wygiął się w grymas przerażenia, gdy poczułem ostry ból w klatce piersiowej - szybki i krótki.

After it there were only darkness and coldness.
Po nim nastąpiła jedynie ciemność i chłód.

1.
	Marvo:
Where ... where am I? My. Head. I feel ... so empty inside. Ugh.
They buried me somewhere? It looks like an abandoned mine. I have to get out of here.
Gdzie... gdzie ja jestem? Moja. Głowa. Czuję się... jakoś tak pusty w środku. Ugh.
Zakopali mnie gdzieś? To wygląda jak opuszczona kopalnia. Muszę się z niej wydostać.

2.
	Marvo:
It's hot here, but my skin is still cool and dry. One more moment and I will boil here alive ...
Gorąco tutaj, jednak moja skóra nadal jest chłodna i sucha. Jeszcze chwila i ugotuję się tu żywcem...

3.
	Marvo:
Oh, nasnas. I want immediate explanation what is going on here.
O, nasnas. Natychmiast wyjaśnij mi co tu się dzieje.
	Nasnas:
Wriaa!!! Hmwrrr...
Wriaa!!! Hmwrrr...
	Marvo:
Wild nasnas? Interesting...
Dziki nasnas? Ciekawe...

4.
	Marvo:
I have to say, this area looks impressive, and at the same time arouses strong anxiety inside me.
Muszę przyznać, że okolica wygląda imponująco, a zarazem wzbudza we mnie silny niepokój.

5.
	The guard of the island of the nasnas:
Hey, you there. Have you seen nasnas, slave?
Hej, ty tam. Widziałeś nasnasa, niewolniku?
	Marvo:
I have seen many nasnas, and I see more behind you. And besides, I'm not a slave.
Widziałem wiele nasnasów, a za tobą widzę jeszcze więcej. A tak poza tym to nie jestem niewolnikiem.
	Guardian of the island of the nasnas: 
Unfortunately, it seems u are. Go ahead, you have no business here.
Najwyraźniej jednak jesteś. Idź dalej, nic tu po tobie.
	Marvo:
What a impertinence! If I had my sword, you won't be here anymore.
Co za impertynencja! Gdybym miał swój miecz, to już by cię tu nie było.
	Guard of the island of the nasunas: 
...
	Marvo: 
Dimwit.
Bałwan.

6.
	Marvo:
Oh, bridge. I wonder how to get there and where it leads.
O, mostek. Ciekawe jak tam dojść i dokąd prowadzi.

7.
	Marvo // ALT:
A man should not have so many eyes! Neither mouth, nor .. bleh, I won't add any more remarks to that.
Człowiek nie powinien mieć tylu oczu! Ani ust, ani.. bleh, nie skomentuję tego.

8.
	Marvo // ALT:
You! No! Go away from me! Go away, I said!
Ty! Nie! Odejdź ode mnie! Won!
	Armlessness:
Hmmm... fugitive slave? And what are you doing so far away from the manufactory? I will have to report it...
Hmmm... zbiegły niewolnik? A co ty robisz tak daleko od manufaktury? Będę to musiał zgłosić...
	Marvo // ALT:
I'm not a slave! Wait... have I been sold?! Where am I?!
Nie jestem niczyim niewolnikiem! Zaraz... czy zostałem sprzedany?! Gdzie ja jestem?!
	Armless:
Oh. I understand. You certainly feel very confused now. But you should expect it. Everything was explicitly written in the pact you signed.
Och. Rozumiem. Z pewnością czujesz się teraz mocno skołowany. Ale powinieneś się tego spodziewać. Wszystko było przecież zawarte w cyrografie.
	Marvo:
...
	Marvo:
Am I in Hell?
Czy ja jestem w Piekle?
	Armories:
The correct name of this place is Arrainot, the Lands of Grief, but 'Hell' is hell easier to remember. Yes, you died, and now under conditions of the pact, your mortal shell has joined us here, below.
Prawidłowa nazwa tego miejsca to Arrainot, Ziemie Zgryzoty, ale 'Piekło' jest łatwiejsze do zapamiętania. Tak, umarłeś, i teraz w ramach zawartej umowy twoja powłoka dołączyła do nas tu, na dole.
	Marvo:
Nononononono... This is NOT HAPPENING. I can not sit down here with monsters. It's just bad dream. Soon... I'll wake up soon and everything will be absolutely fine!
Nienienienienie. To się NIE DZIEJE. Ja nie mogę siedzieć tu na dole z potworami. To mi się śni. Zaraz... zaraz się ob-budzę i wszystko będzie w najlepszym porządku.
	Armlessness:
You call us monsters although you do not look better. It's ill-mannered.
Nazywasz nas poworami choć sam nie wyglądasz lepiej. To nieuprzejme.
	Marvo // ALT:
What are you... My face! Awful! I look like a nightmare!
Co się... Moja twarz! Ochydstwo! Wyglądam jak koszmar senny!
	Armlessness:
Calm down and listen - I can and I will guide you out of these tunnels, to the nearest city. Here nobody is safe. And then... then we'll see.
Uspokój się i słuchaj - wyprowadzę cię stąd do najbliższego miasta, te tunele nie należą do bezpiecznych. A potem... potem zobaczymy.

9. Entrance to the bridge to the fields of devils
Marvo: Oh, devil. Quite a lot of them here. Their tendency to take strange shapes will never stop to amaze me.
Armlessness: Just do not approach the guards, landing in a lava can be quite unpleasant.

10. Slippage of the earth
Marvo // ALT: AAAA !!!
Marvo: Did you see it?
(a - when the armless is in front of the rift)
Armlessness: It happens, I call someone who needs to know it and someone will repair it or dig a new tunnel. For now, we will go around. And watch out where are you putting steps in the future
(b - when the armless is behind the rift)
Armlessness: It happens, I call someone who needs to know it and someone will repair it or dig a new tunnel. For now, we will go around. And watch out where are you putting steps in the future

11. Another clash with devil (next to it stands nasnas)
Marvo: You look just like those village girls ... Disgusting. 
Are there any beautiful women in this cruel world !?
Handless: You have the requirements ...
Nasnas: Uaaa! Run!
(nasnas escapes)

12.Enter the bridge to the CHOCHLIKÓW or at least in this area
Guardian of nest 1: And see what you've done? You catched this nasnas, but the CHOHLIKI had run away. Are you happy with yourself?
Guardian of nest 2: So why didn't you watch over them? That's why there are three of us to watch them.
Guardian of nest 1: And because I have to watch for them all?
Guardian of nest 3: What's up?
Guardian of nest 1: Dhre'val released imps.
Guardian of nest 2: I did not let the imps go! It was Seghr'ghral who let them escape.
Guardian of nest 3: Shut up, idiots! I would order now both of u to chase after these CHOHLIKI, but I will not stand here and watch over only by myself. You are going to stand here and guard. Make sure the CHO won't run away again. It really isn't a complicated task. How many times it will be necessary to explain you that?
Marvo: Oho, fuss.
Armlessness: You better not interfere, or they'll set you up to release these CHO. Chasing after them is the best what would happend to you after such an accusation.

13a. fight with a CHO if Marvo was walking first
Marvo // ALT: Ugh! What is ... What is it! Fuck off  from me! Go away!
Armlessness: Such a brave man and hadn't even saw imp before?

13b.
Armlessness: Well, excellent, we found him quickly.

14. Entering the fork area
Armlessness: We're almost there ...

Armless:...
Armlessness // ALT: What ?!

armless // ALT: A small nasty flying creature! He is sitting and closing! I'll make sure he regrets it! Go look around for the guards.


15.
Armlessness // ALT: Flying scum. I'll get you!
16a. 
Marvo: This lava river seems to be long as Hell ... Amazing, fantastic, wonderful! Oh, bow. I'll take it for myself. If i'd found arrows for it, i could use it to kill that little piece of shit on the opposite bank of river!
16b.
Marvo: This lava river seems to go on forever ... Amazing, fantastic, wonderful! Oh, there is a bow. I ll take it!

17a.
Marvo: CHO is blocking the passage by closing the bridge.
Guardian of the cave 1: If your master cannot pass, why do not you help him yourself? Go beat that imp or something. I don't have the equipment to do it.
Marvo: I have a bow, but I don't have arrows.
Cave guard 2: Oh, this is Erg'ech's bow. He will be surprised. Maybe we should broke ot? Why the bow for him?
The cave guard 1: I do not know. I think he took it as a booty from the surface. Have you ever shot a bow?
Cave guard 2: No, never. Let's go check on this CHochlik.
The cave guard 1: No, no, no. I'm going to check and you're staying here and watching.
Cave guard 2: Grhmfp.

Armlessness // ALT: Well, finally! Shoot that imp, guard! There are some shots. Right there.

Armlessness: Well, finally.
Marvo: Well, he took a bow. Sigh ...
17b.
Marvo: A goblin blocking the passage by closing the bridge.
Guardian of the cave 1: If your master cannot pass, why don't you help him by yourself? I do not have the equipment to do it. I would need something to shoot him. Go take care of it, slave.
Marvo: I'm not ...

18a.

Armlessness // ALT: Where have you been?! There are no guards down here, they are in the other direction.
Marvo: You would go and look after them by yourself.
Armlessness // ALT: GO, DUMB!
Marvo: Okay, okay.
18b.
Cave guard 1: I think, I should take care of it. Oh, I see you have an Erg'ech bow.
Armlessness: Hurry up, I want to have this imp's head! Here are some arrows.
Armlessness: Well, finally.
Marvo: Well, he took a bow. Sigh ...

19. 
Guardian of passage 1: And where are you going, slave?
Armlessness: He is just going inside.
Guardian of passage 1: Today is an important event. Slaves don't have permission to wander around the city.
Armlessness: What is it today, a bunch of morons? Nosense, what will I care about? Just take care of yourself, we are already in the guarded area, right at the entrance to the city.

Marvo: Just great.

20. 
The track guard 3: Hey! Slave! It's not the way.
Marvo: But they do not let me move through the entrance.
The track guard 3: What's up, they put only the idiots on guard today? HEY, YOU THERE! LET HIM PASS! AND WE'LL TALK ABOUT THIS LATER! And what are you doing. Still standing here? It's not a place for slaves, move on!.
21. 
Armlessness: Oh, I see you caught up with me. There is a city in front of us - Irxerivethg. In Arrainot, it isn't safe anywhere, but here at least you can take a break.
Marvo: Iks ... Irkse ... It does not matter. What's up? What did you do in these tunnels?
Armlessness: I was returning from a friend, the owner of a plantation of rotten wood. Usually, this place is a little bit calmer. And you... mindless ...
Marvo: I'm Marvo... My name is Marvo.
Armories: Here, the mindless like you have to deserve for their names. You will probably get a nickname or number when an owner will buy you.
Marvo: Really...? And you have any name?
Armlessness: You are funny devil. Of course I have. My name is Anuhvarran.
Marvo: Amhrv ...
Marvo: ... beautiful, I think so.
Armlessness: Hihihih, really, really funny. I like you. One more moment and I'd consider purchasing you.
Marvo: ...
Armlessness: With that bare-chested face you look more stupid than normal. I thought that's impossible. Let's move on, you have to be registered. Also I dont want to have any problems with that.
---

??
Marvo: I ... die?
?
Armlessness: Anyway, it looks that you're worthless There is nothing more, die... And see you within milion years. ...
??
Marvo: No! Don't leave me ... Don't leave alone ... please!




III


It wasn't a city.
I saw in my life many rich, poor, great and small, noble and full of crime. This one isn't like any of them.
Everything there was done without the help of an idea or even a plan, just as blind man had drawn his patterns on card of paper. Houses seemed to be alive, following me with galleries and windows. Carefully observing my every move with their doors. I wanted to move, but I wasn't able to control my body. I wanted to run away, just like a coward between enemies. I felt like snow-white sheep inside the circle of hungry wolfes. Thankfully there were him. I.. Ivarx... Armless. We moved our steps to the center, where a few well-dressed demons had already gathered.



 I don't know why, but I felt that I have been sleeping a while under the podium, where were sitting very disgusting creature with a hammer. Quickly, my role here became painfully bright.

D: Silence! Silence, silence, silence! We are starting auction no. 85. The mindless! Turn back boy, please. And stop hunches so much. Good impression is the basic!
M: I ... but ...

My body, agains my will, turned my face to the demons.
D: A young one which is presenting here, only 80 surface years, 189 cm higth, 71 kg weight. Healthy, white fangs ... Smile, young one! And stop hunching! I think you are worth some money, aren't you?!
M: Eeee ... Aye, aye ... Sir, yes ... Sir!

D: Silence! Silence, silence, silence! We are starting auction no. 85 on the plane of the involuntary. Turn away, boy, if you please and stop hunches so. A good impression of the foundation!
M: I ... but ...
Legs in my language turned to the demons.
D: A young specimen present here, suddenly 80 years of surface, 189 cm tall, 71 kg. Healthy, white fangs ... Smile! And stop hunching! I think you are worth something ?!
M: Eeee ... this is ... please ... sir
D: Sufficient power level, strong enough ... no more talking, show your hand!. You all can see that he is not a weakling - he will be suitable for harder works. Remember, that we are still dealing with the aristocracy.
 ... Mar ... vo Kanaiii (?) Dumb, strange surface names, nearly impossible to read.
(ANY DEMON 1): It's any pros, every second here was an aristocrat. The last one was scrapped - instead of work, only screamed and hid in the corners. Psychic piece of shit.
D: There are no psychological symptoms that cannot be cured with a stick or whip. And now, if you allow us, we'll start bidding.
(ANY DEMON 2): Wait! Is he Marvo Kanai? THIS Marvo Kanai?
M: Yes! Thank you! I told them that ...
(JD2): ... Mr. "we'll talk another time"? Mr. "could I ask for another loan"? Mr. "I'm not in the mood for similar activities, call tomorrow" ???
M // ALT: ... Excuse me?
(JD2) Oh, boy, I put one and a half gallons of tar on you right now. I will be happy to see how you explain yourself to your superiors before we put you on the madej bed and puts splinters under your filthy nails ...
M: Wait! I just wanted to ...!
(JD1): Two pots of tar!
(JD2): Two and a half pots!
D: Two and a half pots for the first time, two and a half pots ...
(JD1): Three pots of tar and ruby!
M: Will anyone want to hear me ?! It's mistake! PLEASE !!
(JD2): Five tar pots!
D: Five for the first time, five for the second time, five for ...
(JD3): Six pots and the same ounce of gold!
D: For the first, second and third time, sold to magnate general Huraxavirth!
(JD2): Fuck it !!!
M: ... Thanks the dragons!
Huraxavirth: No, but you are coming with me, mindless. I hope you have as much value as my friend assured me. You should be glad, that demon probably would eat you already... but I will give you prospects for the future. Just move faster!
M: Armless ... It must be he. Well, I'm glad, that i found an ally in place right this... at least right now.






















Misja 4
Generał H: Słuchajcie larwy mnie dobrze. Dzisiaj jest dzień, w którym będziecie mogli się wykazać. W tej właśnie dolinie nastąpił wypadek magiczny. Pojawili się nieumarli.
Demon: …Ale skąd nieumarli u nas, na dole? Przecież jesteśmy…
H: Nieśmiertelni? Być może. Jednak trupy jakieś do nas dochodzą z powierzchni. Czarnoksiężnicy próbowali zaszczepić w nich zdobyte dusze używane do napędzania fabryki. Te niestety zbuntowały się, rozszarpały fizyczne powłoki swych twórców i szaleją. Jest ich coraz więcej.
Marvo: Nieumarli heor to zawsze był śliski temat. Czemu nie użyli do tego czystej Czarnej Magii?
Marvo: …Panie Generale.
H: Nie mędrkuj tak, chłopcze, nie jesteś specjalistą. Nie wiem co im tam siekło. Dość powiedzieć, że jest problem, a my, jako Straszliwe Kohorty Wyzwoleńcze Piekieł musimy go rozwiązać! To będzie świetny test waszych umiejętności i pokaz siły naszej armii! 
H: Za mrok i za ogień!
Demony: Za siarkę i smołę!
Marvo: Wykazać się, co? To może być moja szansa na życie lepsze niż marne szorowanie podłóg.
ZADANIA:
Dostań się Marvo do ruin fabryki
Marvo musi przeżyć
Generał musi przeżyć
Misja dzieli się na dwa etapy – pierwszy etap typu przetrwanie. Siły przeciwnika są przeważające, acz zarazem na tyle rozproszone, żeby manewrowanie między nimi było możliwe. Marvo musi dostać się do fabryki w centralno – południowym fragmencie mapy. W międzyczasie pojawi się subplot z Lullaby, która zapewne będzie wplątana w całą sytuację.
Wariant dialogu – Marvo wchodzi pierwszy do ruin
Marvo: Okej, co teraz… gdzieś musi znajdować się źródło tych wszystkich nieumarłych
Upiór: Upodleni! Potępieni! Wstańcie na moje wołanie! Usłyszcie mój głos!
Marvo(vr2): Hej ty! Co ty niby wyprawiasz, plebsie?
Upiór: Zważ na słowa, sługusie mroku! Kiedyś zwałem się Dirraiel Straszliwy, byłem najpodlejszym z Czarnych Magów! Całe miasta padały na kolana przed moją…!
Marvo: Gadaniną? Zawartością rozporka? Dla kogo kierujesz ten cyrk? Jesteś martwy, a ja dopilnuję, abyś wrócił grzecznie do słoika, z którego cię wypuszczono.
Wariant dialogu – Marvo wchodzi do ruin już po generale
Generał H: Poddaj się, duchu i złóż broń. I tak nie masz już nic do stracenia.
Marvo: Tak! Przestań bawić się w fabrykę trupów i poddaj się!
Upiór: Zważcie na słowa, sługusy mroku! Kiedyś zwałem się Dirraiel Straszliwy, byłem najpodlejszym z Czarnych Magów! Całe miasta padały na kolana przed moją potęgą!
Generał H: Nie obchodzi mnie kim byłeś. Teraz jesteś jedynie zasilaczem, źródłem paliwa i wrócisz do swojego filakterium.
Upiór: PRĘDZEJ ZDECHNĘ!
Marvo: Niefortunny dobór słów…
Druga część misji jest dużo bardziej typowa, należy po prostu zabić szefa truposzy.
